1. What is the GitHub URL for your branch's commits?  

https://github.com/jstefanski1/CS498-Valvoline


2. Which user stories did your team implement?  Include the text of those user stories here (but you do not need to include any associated graphics).

Research Potential Improvements:
As Head of Engineering, I want to explore future advancements in vision systems for defect detection so that I can propose innovative solutions to enhance quality 
of the products at Valvoline.

Live Defect Detection:
As a Quality Control Engineer, I want to leverage vision systems for real-time defect detection so that I can reduce human error and improve the overall efficiency 
of the manufacturing process.


3. What problems did your team encounter during implementation?  How did you solve these?

A problem we had in the implementation of this research was, truthfully, a complete understanding of the requirements and needs from Valvoline's end. Initial discussions with them went 
in a certain direction but after hearing more about the technologies they currently have, it seemed we would be going in a different direction. Indirectly, our
communication skills were tested. 

In terms of more concrete problems related to the research, Valvoline wants to study the success of vision systems in other industries; however, most of the details involed in these systems are 
propietary information and very difficult to get a complete picture of. It requires detective work in a sense connecting many different papers and articles to try and create a complete idea 
of what these companies are doing.


4. Is there any missing functionality for those user stories?  If so, how does your team plan to address it?

We are missing specific information about what hardware Valvoline should be using to optimize performance of their vision system. We plan to address it by researching
server architecture used in the best performing systems across other industries. This includes finding the required specs needed for an edge server to handle a model 
that meets valvolines requirements and comparing across other industry 4.0 standards.


5. How did each team member contribute to this milestone?

  - Nishan Budhathoki:  I was able to research into the Technology Analysis side of our project especially into the topic of traditional image processing such 
as thresholding techniques, edge detection and color analysis. Trying to figure out which techniques would work the best for Valvoline's Vision system for quality 
control

  - Noble: I researched the historical evolution and advancements of vision systems in manufacturing, automotive, and electronics, focusing on industry-specific 
applications and their integration with Industry 4.0 technologies to enhance precision, efficiency, and quality control. I found that vision systems were only 
focused on basic flaw detection but have evolved to incorporate advanced imagining and machine learning that enable quality inspections and 
data-driven control. 

  - Prahar:  Formulated research on Current State-of-the-art technologies such as Deep Learning-based Vision Systems, smart cameras advanced lighting techniques 
and some Comparative Studies of Vision Systems across different industries like automotive industry

  - Milin:  For this prototype, I looked into the cost considerations of vision systems in the manufacturing industry. I found research papers that talked about 
the cost of collecting data for deep learning models and training them. Additionally, I did some research into the physical components of the systems and the cost 
for cameras, sensors, lighting, etc...

  - Jon Hall:  I conducted research on traditional edge detection with notes on potential improvements, and CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) implementation for
the purpose of enhancing images. Understanding more about the current state and new developments in image processing has helped us to meet the requirements set 
by Valvoline.

  - Jonathan Stefanski:  Formulated research on challenges and limitations of latency on vision systems. This included researching a newer proactive continuous 
vision system model that has shown to reduce latency by 92%. I also researched edge computing and how this is beneficial and necessary for modern vision systems 
to decrease latency in industry 4.0.


6. What did you learn or observe about the style, quantity or quality of the codebase that you were modifying? 

Generally, we learned that research is all about objectivity, focusing on the good and bad. Valvoline have told us what their vision is and
it is important that we are not only trying to find papers that support what Valvoline has in mind. Whenever we find information that is
discouraging, we need to report on that as well.

There is availiable source code for image processing and analysis, but many of the leading systems are unavailiable so the quantity is limited. The quality of codebases
that have attempted to improve accuracy or decrease costs has room for improvement due to latency. 

*See attached rough draft
